README.md, before:

# UnrealInvaders

This is a small example of an [Unreal Engine](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/) game.

It just scratches the surfaCe of what this engine can do, but it is not just a "hello world".
The game shows some of the basic features of the engine: collision detection, a UI, moving/spawning objects, particle effects, sounds and music...

So, here is my take on the classic laser-against-invaders-from-outher-space theme.
![Animation](https://github.com/stefanos-86/UnrealInvaders/blob/main/video.gif "Animation to show the game")

It is such a big engine! It is hard to "capture" it in a single screenshot.
![Development in Unreal](https://github.com/stefanos-86/UnrealInvaders/blob/main/unreal_panorama.png "This is how Unreal looks like on the surface.")


## Where are the blueprints?
Blueprints. The signature feature of Unreal Engine.

Also, I believe, one of the biggest obstacles I met when learning the engine. I am a C++ programmer!

It is somewhat difficult to find good documentation and tutorials about the C++ API, in comparison with the *galaxy* of information available for blueprints.

Then, one day, I found a way to bridge the two worlds in *The* Tutorial: [Converting Blueprints to C++](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/onlinelearning-courses/converting-blueprints-to-c).

Get to know the basics of the engine, then dive in its lessons. You will start to learn and code much faster!


## And the unit tests?
This seems to be another dark spot in the Unreal world.

The engine can do automated tests (here is [a very good tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4LpDXjFgVQ)).

I played around with the system a bit, it can be quickly adapted to run "unit tests" (you may need to code some assertions, but that is easy).
But then I decided it was not worth it, this is such a basic project.


## Copyright!
The Unreal Engine is a proprietary product.
I have seen other projects based on it around GitHub and I don't think I uploaded anything "sensitive" with my code.
I am (...sadly?) below the income level that would trigger the [Unreal Engine License](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/eula/publishing) payments.

**But if you spot anything that should not be there, please get in touch!**

## Special Thanks
I have, once again, to give credit to [Alessio Castorrini](https://soundcloud.com/nora-kant) for the soundtrack.
This one is from an [old project of ours](https://sourceforge.net/projects/dspirates/). Recycled with permission.

Commit message:

Clarify unit test difficulty in README.

README.md, after:

# UnrealInvaders

This is a small example of an [Unreal Engine](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/) game.

It just scratches the surfaCe of what this engine can do, but it is not just a "hello world".
The game shows some of the basic features of the engine: collision detection, a UI, moving/spawning objects, particle effects, sounds and music...

So, here is my take on the classic laser-against-invaders-from-outher-space theme.
![Animation](https://github.com/stefanos-86/UnrealInvaders/blob/main/video.gif "Animation to show the game")

It is such a big engine! It is hard to "capture" it in a single screenshot.
![Development in Unreal](https://github.com/stefanos-86/UnrealInvaders/blob/main/unreal_panorama.png "This is how Unreal looks like on the surface.")


## Where are the blueprints?
Blueprints. The signature feature of Unreal Engine.

Also, I believe, one of the biggest obstacles I met when learning the engine. I am a C++ programmer!

It is somewhat difficult to find good documentation and tutorials about the C++ API, in comparison with the *galaxy* of information available for blueprints.

Then, one day, I found a way to bridge the two worlds in *The* Tutorial: [Converting Blueprints to C++](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/onlinelearning-courses/converting-blueprints-to-c).

Get to know the basics of the engine, then dive in its lessons. You will start to learn and code much faster!


## And the unit tests?
This seems to be another dark spot in the Unreal world.
The engine can do automated tests (here is [a very good tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4LpDXjFgVQ)).

I played around with the system a bit, it can be quickly adapted to run "unit tests" (you may need to code some assertions, but that is easy). But it is not as "agile" as the usual, dedicated, unit test frameworks.
In the end I decided it was not worth it, this is such a basic project.


## Copyright!
The Unreal Engine is a proprietary product.
I have seen other projects based on it around GitHub and I don't think I uploaded anything "sensitive" with my code.
I am (...sadly?) below the income level that would trigger the [Unreal Engine License](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/eula/publishing) payments.

**But if you spot anything that should not be there, please get in touch!**

## Special Thanks
I have, once again, to give credit to [Alessio Castorrini](https://soundcloud.com/nora-kant) for the soundtrack.
This one is from an [old project of ours](https://sourceforge.net/projects/dspirates/). Recycled with permission.
